Adding Documentation for AppFit Destination (#5117)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/appfit/index.md

---

> title: Appfit (Actions) Destination

Reviewer: I edited the name in the header to match the name that is elsewhere in the doc, and added the ID for the destination so some of the includes will build correctly. The `private: true` attribute gives it the private beta flag.

```suggestion
title: AppFit (Actions) Destination
id: 64b67be0d0dd66094c162ca7
private: true
```

---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

> [AppFit](https://appfit.io/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners) integrates with Segment to help teams stay on top of their key business metrics. Successful teams look at their app metrics on a consistent basis and use that data to make decisions about their business.

Reviewer: The `{:target="_blank”}` attribute opens the link in a new tab.

```suggestion
[AppFit](https://appfit.io/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank”} integrates with Segment to help teams stay on top of their key business metrics. Successful teams look at their app metrics on a consistent basis and use that data to make decisions about their business.
```

> Connect AppFit to your Segment account and get a top level dashboard for your mobile phone. as well as weekly reminders to review your metrics. If you see a metric that doesn't look right, AppFit lets you flag it and add comments so everyone can discuss what's going on right from their phone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you connect AppFit to your Segment account, you get a top level dashboard for your mobile phone and weekly reminders to review your metrics. If you see a metric that doesn't look right, AppFit lets you flag it and add comments so everyone can discuss what's going on right from their phone.
```

This destination is maintained by AppFit. For any issues with the destination, [contact their Support team](mailto:support@appfit.io).

{% include content/ajs-upgrade.md %}

## Getting started

1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.
2. Find the Destinations Actions item in the left navigation, and click it.
3. Click **Configure AppFit**.
4. Select an existing Source to connect to AppFit (Actions).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To find your API key, go to the AppFit app and click on Connectors in the main menu. If you already have a Segment Destination connector created, you can click on it and find your API key there, otherwise you can create a new connector by clicking on "Create New Connector" and selecting "Segment Destination"

```

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

> To find your API key, go to the AppFit app and click on Connectors in the main menu. If you already have a Segment Destination connector created, you can click on it and find your API key there, otherwise you can create a new connector by clicking on "Create New Connector" and selecting "Segment Destination"

Reviewer: The preceding line programaticallty builds multiple sections that go into detail about available presets/mappings the destination has, so I'd add it right below the ordered list.

```suggestion

```

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
